Add guide to build additional keyboards with GH Action (#1126)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/customization.md

For split keyboards, only the central (left) side will need to be reflashed if you are just updating your keymap.
More troubleshooting information for split keyboards can be found [here](troubleshooting.md#split-keyboard-halves-unable-to-pair).

## Building Additional Keyboards

> You can build additional keyboards with GitHub actions by appending them to `build.yml` in your `zmk-config` folder. The following example will build Corne with Nice!Nano and Lily58 with Nice!Nano v2:

Reviewer: I think it can be made clearer that we are starting with Corne and adding a Lily58, e.g.
```suggestion
You can build additional keyboards with GitHub actions by appending them to `build.yml` in your `zmk-config` folder. For instance assume that we have set up a Corne shield with nice!nano during [initial setup](user-setup.md) and we want to add a Lily58 shield with nice!nano v2. The following is an example `build.yaml` file that would accomplish that:
```
I also changed the styling of nice!nano to be more consistent with the rest of the docs.

```
include:
  - board: nice_nano
    shield: corne_left
  - board: nice_nano
    shield: corne_right
  - board: nice_nano_v2
    shield: lily58_left
  - board: nice_nano_v2
    shield: lily58_right
```

> Lily58's shield files should be added into the `config` sub-folder inside `zmk-config` together with your Corne files, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to updating `build.yaml`, Lily58's shield files should also be added into the `config` sub-folder inside `zmk-config` together with your Corne files, e.g.:
```
